to
hello youtube people have served them go to
upload in this new video tutorial if
they want to continue to download some sounds
for the root of the 1.6 strike against
Spanish to Argentina bill evans insures
forces you with we observe in the link of
the league description that so often
for my friend grabs pizza we give the
ezcaray day and only weighs 15 mb for
edit it 30 seconds depends on the
decent speed tells me how to
computer so the best is a fact
we're going to give you a right click this one
art like the one we leave extracted does not
a folder called being central appears
and a file and the document then what
read if you want and the folder is extracted
how they understand a piece of radio and good
all this so what are we going to do
let's go to the tanned in high school
strike open location and how he ends
will be inside the folder or else the
another way is home local disk equipment
have been the program against the train
1.6 and everything are not in the folder
now if there is drag it
inside the folder and it will give
contract
Yes Yes
wait and now perform this action with
the following conflicts I do not know how many
numbers appear you in my case 1155
we are going to eat it and replaced and now
do this for all the elements
current continue
we wait
one of them has passed them now
they showed us the flaps how it sounds like that
what I hope you liked and territorial
you do not come to suffer commenting publish and
share them the favorite city ​​hall
for two years
come on let's go let's go back
do not separate positions and go go to
my sign of gifts mixes where
fuck is crazy and where the fuck is
crazy cover my friend cover me plate
dark that champion position here old
of the group I thought now
follow me skinny
they are giving help help ok
enemy the sight I have four come
for here I do not see anyone here
I am in position if the same thing is here
what do you think suit in what to tighten it with
agenda that even in fart fiera lower one